[docs] Update delete-grid-row.md (#3354)
mui/mui-toolpad: docs/data/toolpad/studio/how-to-guides/delete-grid-row.md

<p class="description">You can add a delete functionality to the data grid in minutes.</p>

:::info

> In case of data providers, visit [deleting a row](/toolpad/studio/concepts/data-providers/#deleting-rows).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Toolpad Studio now supports [Data Providers](/toolpad/studio/concepts/data-providers/) as an improved way to manage CRUD operations in a data grids. With data providers you can set up [row deletion](/toolpad/studio/concepts/data-providers/#deleting-rows) just by supplying a backend function that performs the action.
```
